>> Sarah Drasner: So
let's talk about curviness first.
Like how we make that curviness.
So we can just use general coordinates and
smooth out the motion between them.
Because we had some coordinates right,
xy, xy, xy.
But it kind of softened that curve.
It didn't just go right
from one to the other.
I asked it to say soft and
then it softened that curve.
So we can either set the type
parameter to soft, or
we can have a little bit more control.
GreenSock always gives us just
a little bit more control if we want.
So here's a CodePen demo I made that
will kind of hopefully explain.
That's curviness set to 0,
and that's set to 2.
If I set it to 8, that's 0.
What, what is going on?
Okay, so set to 0, set to 2.
All right, so when it's set to 0, it just
goes between those coordinates, right?
You saw that, it just kind of
bounced between one and another.
>> Sarah Drasner: And then it goes crazy.
And this one is kind of normal.
>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
so what's happening here?
So imagine that you have a rubber band and
that you have the stakes in the ground.
So I take the stakes, I nail them in
the ground in these different points and
I take that rubber band and
I pull it taut.
At zero, it's fully taut.
Then at one I let it out a little bit.
Then at two, it's let out a little
more until it's kind of curvy.
But if I kept letting
that rubber band out,
what would end up happening is it
would sort of unravel on itself.
And that's basically the concept there.
So rather than it keep getting
curvier in terms of making a circle,
it's getting curvier.
It has more, you're letting
that rubber band fully out so
it's kinda coming around like that.
So that can be useful for
certain types of motion.
But it confused me at first, so
that's why I made the pen like that, so
that you can see it.
>> Sarah Drasner: Rotation,
the CodePen embed transform
origin thing is kinda funny.
It's like, only when you're embedded
will the transform origin be all broken.
So let's talk about the rotation.
Here's autoRotate true, autoRotate false.
Both are actually useful.
There are some things that
you won't want to autoRotate.
So if I have that false,
there's some things in mechanical worlds
that you don't wanna follow that path.
But you can see how if you don't
have autoRotate true, especially for
things like these little characters and
stuff, that's not good.
You don't want this little character,
it kind of takes it from being
believable to not believable.
He's just not believable
when his just [SOUND].
He's only believable when he's
kind of following that curve.
So we can say autoRotate true or again,
GreenTalk gives us all this options.
Position parameter 1 (typically"x")..
Position parameter 2(typically"y")..
Rotation usually rotation but
can be rotationX or
Y if you wanna keep it on one axis.
Number of degrees or radiance to
add to the rotation at the onset.
And false, which is a boolean denoting
whether you want to be using radians or
rotation.
Probably nobody in this room is at that
level of geeky, but maybe you are,
just in case you are,
then that's an interesting one.
The only one that I really use is this.
So I'll actually pass in all these
values just to change this one.
And the reason is
autoRotate true looks really good if
they're set along the path correctly.
So if we go back to that little owl,
whoever his name is,
guy, he bends into the curve,
do you see that?
If he had started off like this, which is
actually how he is on the page, then he
would've followed and then like rotating
along but like rotating kinda strangely.
He would've been, if he isn't turned,
he would've been sure,
rotating, but not correctly.
So I need him to duck into that curve, and
I do that through the amount of rotation
at the onset, and that's that fourth
parameter, that's that amount.